Add the Getting Started with TagBox tutorial (#2336)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/TagBox/00 Getting Started with TagBox/40 Handle the Value Change Event.md

#include tutorials-editors-handle-value-change with {

>     output: "the `ID`s of the currently and previously selected items"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    output: "the IDs of the currently and previously selected items"
```
